First MVC - MT sweep, screen shot updates, all issues fixed - Overview and 1st Tutorial (#21233)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/first-mvc-app/index.md

---
title: Create a web app with ASP.NET Core MVC
author: rick-anderson

> description: This series of tutorials explains the basics of building a web app with ASP.NET Core MVC.

Reviewer: There's no content here, this is click bait. I'd like to delete this file.

Author: Removed Overview (index.md)
Added original Overview URL to redirect which pointes to start-mvc.md.
Updated links for start-mvc on ASP.NET Core Landing page.

> description: This series of tutorials explains the basics of building a web app with ASP.NET Core MVC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description:  Provides the table of contents for an introduction to ASP.NET Core MVC.
```

Reviewer: And when I agreed to two files, this one doesn't count.

Author: It made sense to me to group add controller and add view at the same time rather than get started and controller.
